README.md, before:

# React Go Boilerplate

## Description

A boilerplate for fastly building web application based on React & Go.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MrHuxu/img-repo/master/react-go-boilerplate/react%20go%20boilerplate.gif)

## Requirements


1. Linux or Mac OS
2. Node.js (7.10.0 or higher)
3. Go (1.8.1 or higher)

## Features

- Frontend

  - [x] Components powered by [React](https://github.com/facebook/react)
  - [x] State management powered by [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux)
  - [x] Stylesheet management powered by [Radium](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/radium)
  - [x] Fully-featured router management powered by [react-router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router)
  - [x] Hot reload powered by [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader) (module level hot reload only for stateful component)
  - [x] Auto re-lint your js/jsx files after editing powered by [eslint-watch](https://github.com/rizowski/eslint-watch)

- Backend

  - [x] Web framework powered by [Gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin)
  - [x] Hot reload powered by another [Gin](https://github.com/codegangsta/gin)

## Usage

1. Clone the repo and install all dependencies:


        go get github.com/MrHuxu/react-go-boilerplate && cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/MrHuxu/react-go-boilerplate

        go get github.com/gin-gonic/gin
        go get github.com/codegangsta/gin
        npm install

2. It's recommended to install the [React DevTools](https://github.com/facebook/react-devtools) and [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/gaearon/redux-devtools) for frontend debugging.


3. Run server:

    - Development mode

          # execute the command below, then you'll see the dashboard shown above
          # go visit http://localhost:8283 in your browser
          # editing any file will let the server or frontend reload

          npm run dev

    - Production mode

          # execute the command below
          # all assets will be compiled to server/public/bundle.js
          # go visit http://localhost:13109 in your browser

          npm run prd

Commit message:

update readme, adding the docker part

README.md, after:

# React Go Boilerplate

## Description

A boilerplate for fastly building web application based on React & Go.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MrHuxu/img-repo/master/react-go-boilerplate/react%20go%20boilerplate.gif)

## Requirements


1. Linux or Mac OS
2. Node.js (7.10.0 or higher)
3. Go (1.8.1 or higher)

## Features

- Frontend

  - [x] Components powered by [React](https://github.com/facebook/react)
  - [x] State management powered by [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux)
  - [x] Stylesheet management powered by [Radium](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/radium)
  - [x] Fully-featured router management powered by [react-router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router)
  - [x] Hot reload powered by [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader) (module level hot reload only for stateful component)
  - [x] Auto re-lint your js/jsx files after editing powered by [eslint-watch](https://github.com/rizowski/eslint-watch)

- Backend

  - [x] Web framework powered by [Gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin)
  - [x] Hot reload powered by another [Gin](https://github.com/codegangsta/gin)

## Usage

### For Development

1. Clone the repo and install all dependencies:


        go get github.com/MrHuxu/react-go-boilerplate && cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/MrHuxu/react-go-boilerplate

        go get github.com/gin-gonic/gin
        go get github.com/codegangsta/gin
        npm install

2. It's recommended to install the [React DevTools](https://github.com/facebook/react-devtools) and [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/gaearon/redux-devtools) for frontend debugging.

3. Launch the server:

        # execute the command below, then you'll see the dashboard shown
        # go visit http://localhost:8283 in your browser
        # editing any file will let the server or frontend reload

        npm run dev

### For Deployment

**It is highly recommended to use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to deploy this project!!**

#### Using Docker

1. Clone the repo and build Docker image:

        go get github.com/MrHuxu/react-go-boilerplate && cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/MrHuxu/react-go-boilerplate
        docker build . -t react-go-boilerplate
        docker run -p 13109:13109 -d react-go-boilerplate

2. Use `docker logs` command to monitor the logs of the server:

        docker logs -f [container_id]


#### Manually Build

1. Clone the repo and install all dependencies(same as above).

2. Launch the server:

        # go visit http://localhost:13109 in your browser after executing the command

        npm run prd
